README.md, before:

# Satellite Device Phonebook Manager

## Description
This Node.js project manages the Iridium phonebook through a serial port connection. It allows you to read, save, import, and delete phonebook entries.

[![Wallaby.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/wallaby.js-powered-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://wallabyjs.com/oss/)

## Requirements
- Node.js (v18.13.0)
- npm (v9.8.1)

## Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Set environment variables or modify `src/utils/config.js` for your serial port settings

## Usage
Run `node src/index.js` to start the application.

## Features
- Read all phonebook entries
- Save entries to a CSV file
- Import entries from a CSV file
- Delete an entry
- Add a new entry

## Contributing
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or supported by Iridium Communications Inc. or any of its affiliates. The name "Iridium" is used for identification purposes only as it can be used with Iridium Satellite Phone devices. All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

Commit message:

changing the project name and other things.

README.md, after:

# Satellite Device Phonebook Manager

## Description
This Node.js project manages the Iridium phonebook through a serial port connection. It allows you to read, save, import, and delete phonebook entries.

[![Wallaby.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/wallaby.js-powered-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://wallabyjs.com/oss/)

## Requirements
- Node.js (v18.13.0)
- npm (v9.8.1)

## Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Set environment variables or modify `src/utils/config.js` for your serial port settings

## Usage
Run `node src/index.js` to start the application.

## Features
- Read all phonebook entries
- Save entries to a CSV file
- Import entries from a CSV file
- Delete an entry
- Add a new entry

## Contributing
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Disclaimer

This project is provided "as is" without any guarantees or warranty. In association with the product, the developer makes no warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, of title, or of noninfringement of third party rights. Use of the product by a user is at the user’s risk.

The developer shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular the developer shall not be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this project or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise.

By using this project, you acknowledge and agree that you have read and understood this disclaimer and accept all its terms and conditions. If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any of the terms and conditions contained in this disclaimer, you should refrain from using this project.
